.NET Core/README.md, before:

# Power BI Embedded Sample in .NET Core

## App Owns Data

### Requirements

1. [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://aka.ms/netcore31)

2. IDE (Recommended is Visual Studio Code or Visual Studio 2019)
<br>
**Note:** Visual Studio version >=16.5 is required to use .NET Core SDK 3.1

  

### Embed a Power BI report

1. For Master user, register a Native app [here](https://aka.ms/embedsetup/AppOwnsData) and for Service Principal, register a Server-side web app by following [this](https://aka.ms/EmbedServicePrincipal). Refer to [documentation](https://aka.ms/RegisterPowerBIApp).

2. Put required values in the [appsettings.json](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS/appsettings.json) file related to AAD app, Power BI report, workspace, and user account information. Refer [ConfigurationModel.cs](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS/Models/ConfigurationModel.cs) for more info on config parameters.

  

### Run the application on localhost

1. Open the [DotNetCorePaaS.sln](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS.sln) file in Visual Studio 2019. If you are using Visual Studio Code then, open [DotNetCorePaaS](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS) folder.

2. Populate [appsettings.json](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS/appsettings.json) file.

3. Build and run the application.



## User Owns Data

1. To embed reports, dashboards and tiles, the following details must be specified within [appsettings.json](User%20Owns%20Data/NetCore-Sample/appsettings.json):

    | Detail        | Description                                                                                           |
    |---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | applicationId | Id of the AAD application registered as a Server-side web app [here](https://aka.ms/embedsetup/UserOwnsData).|
    | groupId       | The group or workspace Id in Power BI containing the reports, dashboards and tiles you want to embed. |

2. Build and run the application.

## Important

For security reasons, in a real world application, password or secret should not be stored in config. Instead, consider securing credentials with an application such as Key Vault.

Commit message:

Add .NET Core based sample solution to embed Power BI content using User Owns Data approach
Added app to embed a Power BI report using .NET Core

| Check | Yes/No/NA |
|:------|:------:|
|Is the client UI responsive? |Yes|
|Are the user inputs validated in the code? |Yes|
|Have you used linting for the samples? |Yes|
|Have you used the coding standards? |Yes|
|Does the code have 0 HTML warnings and errors ([HTMLValidator](https://www.freeformatter.com/html-validator.html))? |Yes|
|Does the code have 0 CSS warnings and errors ([CSSLint](http://csslint.net/))? |Yes|
|Does the code have 0 JSLint warnings and errors ([JSLint](https://jslint.com/))? |Yes|
|Have you checked that code does not contain commented code? |Yes|
|Is unit testing is performed and results are captured in ADO? Is the list of test cases executed shared? |Yes|
|Is the open errors/ warning details shared with the reviewer? |NA|
|Are the test cases executed on Edge, IE, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari browsers? |Yes|
|Does the app follow applicable coding guidelines?|Yes|
|Does the app follow development best practices?|Yes|
|Does the application have a consistent exception management setup? |Yes|
|Is the code free from any hard-coding, redundancy, need for more refactoring?|Yes|
|Is the application structured and modularized to facilitate development and troubleshooting? |Yes|
|Is the code structured, indented and commented to facilitate further development to the reviewer’s satisfaction?|Yes|

.NET Core/README.md, after:

# Power BI Embedded Sample in .NET Core

## Requirements

1. [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://aka.ms/netcore31)

2. IDE (Recommended is Visual Studio Code or Visual Studio 2019)
<br>
**Note:** Visual Studio version >=16.5 is required to use .NET Core SDK 3.1


## App Owns Data

### Embed a Power BI report

For Master user, register a Native app [here](https://aka.ms/embedsetup/AppOwnsData) and for Service Principal, register a Server-side web app by following [this](https://aka.ms/EmbedServicePrincipal). Refer to [documentation](https://aka.ms/RegisterPowerBIApp).

### Run the application on localhost

1. Open the [DotNetCorePaaS.sln](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS.sln) file in Visual Studio 2019. If you are using Visual Studio Code then, open [DotNetCorePaaS](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS) folder.

2. Populate [appsettings.json](App%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCorePaaS/appsettings.json) file. Refer [ConfigurationModel.cs](App%20Owns%20Data%2FDotNetCorePaaS%2FModels%2FConfigurationModel.cs) for more info on config parameters.

3. Build and run the application.



## User Owns Data

### Embed a Power BI report

1. Register a Server-side web app [here](https://aka.ms/embedsetup/userownsdata).
   
2. After an AAD app is created in the Azure Portal, check the Access token checkbox in the Authentication section under "Implicit grant".

### Run the application on localhost

1. Open the [DotNetCoreSaaS.sln](User%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCoreSaaS.sln) file in Visual Studio 2019. If you are using Visual Studio Code then, open [DotNetCoreSaaS](User%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCoreSaaS) folder.

2. Populate [authConfig.js](User%20Owns%20Data/DotNetCoreSaaS/wwwroot/js/authConfig.js) file.

3. Build and run the application.

#### Note: This sample application has been tested on the following browsers

1. Google Chrome
   
2. Microsoft Edge Chromium

3. Mozilla Firefox

4. Internet Explorer

## Important

For security reasons, in a real world application, password or secret should not be stored in config. Instead, consider securing credentials with an application such as Key Vault.
